Update docs for removing the CA certificate requirement for SQL cli. (#13067)
cockroachdb/docs: cockroachcloud/quickstart.md

    Your cluster will be created in a few seconds and the **Connection info** dialog will display.

1. Click the **Connection string** tab in the **Connection info** dialog.
    1. Run the command in step 1 to download the CA certificate to your local machine.
    1. Copy the connection string in step 2 to a secure location.

        {{site.data.alerts.callout_danger}}

>         The connection string in the command is pre-populated with your username, cluster name, and other details, including your password. Your password, in particular, will be provided only once. Save it in a secure place (we recommend a password manager) to connect to your cluster in the future. If you forget your password, you can reset it by going to the [**SQL Users** page](user-authorization.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The connection string in the command is pre-populated with your username, cluster name, and other details, including your password. Your password, in particular, will be provided only once. Save it in a secure place (Cockroach Labs recommends a password manager) to connect to your cluster in the future. If you forget your password, you can reset it by going to the [**SQL Users** page](user-authorization.html).
```
